(demo) update running demo (#3372)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/demo/kubernetes-deployment.md

kubectl port-forward svc/my-otel-demo-frontendproxy 8080:8080
```

> **Note**: `kubectl port-forward` will proxy the port until the process
> terminates. You may need to create separate terminal sessions for each use of
> `kubectl port-forward`, and use <kbd>Ctrl-C</kbd> to terminate the process
> when done.

With the frontendproxy port-forward set up, you can access:

- Web store: <http://localhost:8080/>
- Grafana: <http://localhost:8080/grafana/>
- Feature Flags UI: <http://localhost:8080/feature/>
- Load Generator UI: <http://localhost:8080/loadgen/>
- Jaeger UI: <http://localhost:8080/jaeger/ui/>

### Expose Demo components using service or ingress configurations

> > **Note** It is recommended to use a values file when installing the Helm chart
> > in order to specify additional configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}
It is recommended to use a values file when installing the Helm chart
in order to specify additional configuration options.
{{% /alert %}}
```

kubectl port-forward svc/my-otel-demo-frontendproxy 8080:8080
```

> **Note**: `kubectl port-forward` will proxy the port until the process
> terminates. You may need to create separate terminal sessions for each use of
> `kubectl port-forward`, and use <kbd>Ctrl-C</kbd> to terminate the process
> when done.

With the frontendproxy port-forward set up, you can access:

- Web store: <http://localhost:8080/>
- Grafana: <http://localhost:8080/grafana/>
- Feature Flags UI: <http://localhost:8080/feature/>
- Load Generator UI: <http://localhost:8080/loadgen/>
- Jaeger UI: <http://localhost:8080/jaeger/ui/>

### Expose Demo components using service or ingress configurations

> {{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}} It is recommended to use a values file
> when installing the Helm chart in order to specify additional configuration
> options. {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}} We recommend that you use a values file
when installing the Helm chart in order to specify additional configuration
options. {{% /alert %}}
```

    service:
      pipelines:
        traces:
          exporters: [spanmetrics, otlphttp/example]
```

> > **Note:** When merging YAML values with Helm, objects are merged and arrays
> > are replaced. The `spanmetrics` exporter must be included in the array of
> > exporters for the `traces` pipeline if overridden. Not including this exporter
> > will result in an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}
When merging YAML values with Helm, objects are merged and arrays
are replaced. The `spanmetrics` exporter must be included in the array of
exporters for the `traces` pipeline if overridden. Not including this exporter
will result in an error.
{{% /alert %}}
```
